Team BrainForked - Gloria Lee, Jack Chen, Hamim Sean
APCS
L08: America's Next Top Data Scientist
2022-04-06w
time spent: 3.5 hrs


DISCO:
- different commands have to be run when using sinbad in git bash.
  However, we were able to solve this issue by sshing into lab computers.
- Have to be careful with brackets when dealing with nested classes/inner classes
- Look through entire lab to identify most efficient workflow and plan.

QCC
- Why the difference in commands when using git bash to use sinbad vs lab computers
- What was able to be run on lab computers could not be run on git bash.
- ??? --> core.ops.SignatureUnificationException: could not find a class named: Observation (ds:no-class)


ACTIVITY 1:

1) Google, Youtube, Piazza
2) Usernames, faces, commercial content
3) Having a set boundary/limits. Data field need size limits and they are separated by delimiters.
4) The file format following the . after the file name i.e. .txt or .java
5) Rice, Cats
6) Which color of cat is the best for children? How much rice can be grown if the entire world was covered in rice?
   Which color of cat is the best for Stuy students? How much rice can be grown if the entire world was covered in rice?
7) No. But we found data set on sheep when searching "sheep" and we got an article about Dall sheep's response to snow and landscape covariates
  (2005-2008). When searching with keyterm "rice" we found a dataset about Potential impacts of climate change on world's food supply.
8) The larger the dataset, the less the variability, and a larger sample size. There would be less room for a huge margin of error.
9) User data is captured by websites by logging search history, customized ads and videos in your browsing session etc.
10) Data from the set was collected from a simulation and field research
11) The benefit of data collection is good for when you are trying to catch a criminal

ACTIVITY 2:

1) Class name: Cereal
2) ? :)
3) public class Cereal
4) 15 instance variables
5) String, char, int, float, double
8) Which cereal has the most calories?
9) Which of these cereals have the most shrimp tails found in them?
10) Add a new variable called shrimp tails found in cereal boxes (float)

ACTIVITY 3:

1. The temperature at Atlanta, Hartsfield - Jackson Atlanta International Airport, GA is 69.0F
2. KBFL - The temperature at Bakersfield, Meadows Field Airport, CA is 65.0F
4. 48
5. You can filter weather stations by the temperature they show.
6.


7. What stations are there in the east? What is the average temperature in the east?
8. ):
© 2022 GitHub, Inc.
Terms


<TNPG>'s CSV FLOW:
<insert your description of your tools and workflow in creating, editing CSV files>


TRUBZ
<this lab involves using tools that are likely to introduce hiccups; log any troubleshooting issues here>